AcaBellas:With its debut in the Spring of 2017, the AcaBellas bring a fresh new sound to campus. As a diverse ensemble, we also promote leadership and development.
African Students' Association:The African Students' Association is an independent, non-profit, non-sectarian, sociocultural and educational student organization.
Animation Club:A place for any level of artist - beginner, hobbyist, aspiring professional - to hangout and draw. We host fun things like workshops, movie nights, and a bi-weekly optional theme where you can work on an individual or collaborative project.
Army ROTC Corp of Cadets:The Mission of Army ROTC (Reserve Officer Training Corps) is to train and prepare the future officers of the United States Army for commissioning and a career in the Army.
Arnold Air Society:A Professional, Honorary, Service organization serving AFROTC Cadets of the 220th Cadet Wing, Purdue University, and the Greater Lafayette community.
(AAARCC) Lion Dance Team:AAARCC Lion Dance Team is a performance collective organized by Purdue Asian American and Asian Resource and Cultural Center.
Asian American and Asian Vocal Ensemble:The A3VE aims to spread awareness and knowledge of music written by Asian/Asian American composers or originating from Asian regions by showcasing these pieces.
Association of Hip Hop Practitioners and Scholars:Association of Hip Hop Practitioners and Scholars is a student organization at Purdue University that promotes Hip Hop culture and its various forms of expression. We spread awareness through performance and discussion.
Aurum Magazine of Purdue University:Aurum Magazine is a fashion, art, and culture magazine at Purdue University. The mission of this publication is to promote diversity and give exposure to creatives in the Indiana area.
Board Games Club at Purdue:We play board games multiple nights a week (Currently on summer break; fall schedule TBD). We're open to anyone, so feel free to show up whenever you can!
Boiler Blockchain:The mission of the Boiler Blockchain is to bring together like-minded students who are passionate about Blockchain Technology and to provide them a platform for networking and education.
Boiler Game Mine:The premier gaming facility on Purdue's campus.
Boiler Wing:Boiler Wing, the Student Organization on behalf of Purdue University's Air Force ROTC Program, strives to deliver outstanding and consistent extra-curricular leadership development to the cadets of Detachment 220.
BoilerMake:Purdue’s 36-hour hackathon, an event where teams of students create software and hardware projects from start to finish that solve important, real-world problems.
BRASA Purdue:BRASA Purdue raises awareness of Brazilian culture at Purdue and hopes to serve as a bridge between Brazil and the US. Additionally, we focus on advancing the integration between Brazilian students by hosting events, workshops, and weekly meetings.
Cadenza Piano Club:The Cadenza Piano Club is a community-oriented organization with the goal of creating a space in which musicians can learn from each other, discuss topics in music, and have the opportunity to perform for others.
Convocations Volunteer Network:Convocations Volunteer Network (CVN): The Student Ushering Club was established in 1985 to support and promote the performing arts events brought to campus by Convocations. Today, our 500 members are the exclusive ushers for all Convocations events.
Exponent Booster Club:Promotes The Exponent throughout the community and aids in its activities.
Friends of Sycamore Review:Sycamore Review is Purdue University's internationally acclaimed literary journal, affiliated with Purdue's College of Liberal Arts and the Department of English. We offer editorial positions to individuals affiliated with Purdue's Masters of Fine Arts
Heart & Soul:Heart & Soul The Name Speaks for Itself There's nothing quite like a gospel choir. Purdue Musical Organizations spotlights the great gospel music heritage with its newest red-hot ensemble, Heart & Soul. Student vocalists and
Her Campus Purdue:Her Campus Purdue is the online magazine for Purdue women, with content on Style, Beauty, Health, Love, Life, and Career, supplemented by campus-specific content produced by a team of Purdue students.
HTM Society:HTM Society is an association of students who wish to develop their skills in the hospitality and tourism industry. Our mission is to promote learning and friendship by providing opportunities for members to connect.
Indian Classical Music Association of Purdue:ICMAP is a cultural organization, that aims to promote Indian Classical Music here at Purdue. With several connoisseurs of classical music present on campus, we serve to encourage musical talent on campus, and bring some of the best musicians from India
Institute of Transportation Engineers:The Institute of Transportation Engineers (ITE) is an international educational and scientific association. ITE members are traffic engineers, planners, and other professionals who are responsible for meeting society's needs for transportation.
Kappa Kappa Psi:Kappa Kappa Psi is an honorary fraternal organization that promotes the advancement of college and university bands through dedicated service and support to bands, comprehensive education, leadership opportunities, and recognition.
Korean Pop Association:Korean Pop Association (KPA) is a place for all kinds of Korean Pop fans and enthusiasts at Purdue to enjoy and appreciate the music and culture of K-Pop together.
La Milonguera Argentine Tango Club:La Milonguera is a student organization at Purdue University devoted to the promotion and enjoyment of everything related to Argentinean Tango. Everyone is welcome!
Lion Dance Appreciation Club:This organization provides a space for students to collectively perform, study, watch, explore, and educate others regarding traditional Chinese Lion Dancing and other Asian and Asian American forms of folkloric dances.
Live Events And Productions:Live Events And Productions at Purdue exists to provide students with real world experience in the live event industry.
Lt. Col. Virgil “Gus” Grissom i5 Squadron:The Grissom i5 Squadron is for Purdue ROTC cadets who are interested in learning more about military space power and the US Space Force. We aim to deliver educational, training, and professional development resources to these cadets and midshipmen.
Marwood:Marwood is a Cooperative House located on 136 Littleton St. Founded in 1936. Marwood's mission is to foster brotherhood among its members in an atmosphere of academic and professional success, made available at an affordable cost.
Medieval Society:The Medieval Society focuses on the Combat, Art and Dance of 600-1600 AD century fighting styles. Rapier weaponry or Heavy Armor combat fighting have associated trainers and officers from the SAO (Society of Creative Anachronism) to improve skills.
Music Composition and Theory Club:An organization devoted to the composition of instrumental music, and the study of music theory in a group environment.
National Pan-Hellenic Council:The National Pan-Hellenic Council, Incorporated (NPHC) is currently composed of nine (9) International Greek letter Sororities and Fraternities.
Pathfinders CrossFit:Pathfinders CrossFit is a private Purdue Army ROTC organization. The primary purpose of this Club is to help achieve overall fitness for the susceptible and willing members of Purdue Army ROTC.
Phi Alpha Theta:Phi Alpha Theta History Honor Society sponsors both fun and professional events for all history majors and minors throughout the year. PAT’s ultimate goal is to create a sense of community among history undergraduates.
PMO Managers' Council:The students of Purdue Musical Organizations serve as the musical ambassadors for Purdue all around the state, country and world. Groups within PMO include the Purdue Varsity Glee Club, Purduettes, Purdue Bells, University Choir, Heart and Soul and AC-3
Purdue Animation, Comic and Game Association:PACGA is a place for those who share the same interest in Culture of Anime/Comic/Game to immerse in, make friends, and improve personal skills.
Purdue Aviation Day:Purdue Aviation Day (PAD) organizes an annual April event at Purdue University Airport, open to the public for aviation exploration. Discover this year's details at www.purdueaviationday.com.
Purdue Electronic Dance Music Club:The one and only community dedicated to Electronic Dance Music (EDM) at Purdue University! We organize events and concerts on campus, including Pandemonium at Purdue, an annual EDM concert that occurs each spring semester.
Purdue Han Culture Association:Purdue Han Culture Association is a student organization that focuses on Chinese Han culture. Weekly meetings are held for discussion on Han culture-related topics (traditional Han clothing, food, tea culture, ancient poetry, music, art, Go and more.
Purdue iGEM:We are Purdue's official iGEM team since 2006. iGEM is a collegiate synthetic biology competition where undergraduate students develop real-world laboratory and research skills by genetically engineering organisms.
Purdue Metal Club:The Purdue Metal Club is a friendly environment where students who listen to metal can come together and discuss the various facets of metal as a musical genre and as a subculture.
Purdue Music Gaming Club:Love Rock Band, Dance Dance Revolution, or any other music game? So do we! The Purdue Music Gaming Club welcomes players of all skill levels to come play in a friendly, open environment with others who share a love for music games.
Purdue Music Producers:Purdue Music Producers is a community for artists of all genres and skill levels to meet fellow musicians and learn more about music production. Meetings are held every other week in the Pao Hall recording studio.
Purdue Soundtracks A Cappella:Purdue Soundtracks A Cappella is a student-run vocal ensemble which aims to create a community of music for its members through the rehearsal and performance of both traditional and contemporary acapella arrangements.
Purdue Student Veteran Organization:The Purdue University Student Veteran Organization (Purdue SVO) serves as a source of knowledge, support, representation, and camaraderie to any and all military connected students of Purdue University, West-Lafayette Campus.
Purdue Taal:Created in the fall of 2009, Purdue Taal is Purdue University's one and only Indo-American a cappella team.
Purdue University Gamers Group:Purdue University Gamers Group, also known as PUGG, was started in Fall 2000 to promote video gaming in general at Purdue University.
Purdue Varsity Glee Club:Velvet voices Have you heard these guys? Imagine a cello &mdash; deep, rich, full &mdash; one glorious instrument. That's the sound of the Purdue Varsity Glee Club. For more than 110 years, they have made Purdue proud with their voices, charisma.
Purdue Vinyl Club:The Purdue Vinyl Club is an organization for anybody interested in vinyl records or music in general! No experience with vinyl needed.
RecWell Intramural Esports:A place for students to participate in organized, recreational and competitive video games.
Salsa Dance Club:Do you want that fire? Come learn how to dance Salsa! We are one of the largest and most active student groups at Purdue. We focus on Salsa dancing, but we dabble in Merengue, Cha Cha, and other Latin dances, and usually offer regular Bachata classes.
Semper Fidelis Society:Semper Fidelis Society, comprised of aspiring Marine Corps officers at Purdue, serves as an outreach program and organizational platform for developing leadership potential through planned fundraising and community events.
Semper Fortis Society:Welcome to the Naval Reserve Officer Training Corps (NROTC) and the Naval Science Department of Purdue University! We are committed to providing the very best qualified officers for service in the United States Navy and the United States Marines Corps.
SIAM@Purdue:The Purdue Student Chapter of the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics.
Silver Wings:Leadership and service organization dedicated to creating better civil leaders and supporting the missions and visions of the United States Air Force, the Purdue AFROTC, and Arnold Air Society.
Skydiving Club of Purdue:PLEASE CLICK 'READ MORE' AND READ OUR PROFILE BEFORE JOINING. Skydiving Club of Purdue is the resource to getting boilermakers, their friends, and their families exposed to the sport of skydiving and sport parachuting.
Soli @ Purdue:Soli @ Purdue allows students to share their talents in the arts with the Lafayette/West Lafayette community. Members put on "community showcases" in venues such as retirement homes, churches, and elementary schools.
Space & Earth Analogs Research Chapter of Purdue:The Space & Earth Analogs Research Chapter (SEARCH) of Purdue is a student organization that aims to foster human space exploration at Purdue University, by promoting research and practical activities in space habitation and analog astronaut programs.
Student Concert Committee:The Student Concert Committee consists of 15-20 members. These students get a close-up look at the business side of the music industry by playing an active role in the organization, marketing and production of live events.
Student English Association:The Purdue Student English Association is an organization for undergraduate students who love anything about English -- reading, writing, publishing, and more!
Student Organization Grant Allocation Board:SOGA is a student organization responsible for distributing funding to deserving undergraduate student organizations. SOGA is funding by the President's Allocation and the Student Activity Fee.
Tau Beta Sigma:Tau Beta Sigma National Honorary Band Sorority seeks to recognize, encourage, and support musical endeavors at the collegiate level. Membership is open to all students enrolled in band, and requires a dedication to instrumental music and participation.
The Classical Music Society:We are an organization dedicated to spreading and sharing our love for classical music. It doesn’t matter whether you are an instrumentalist, composer, or just a listener; all are welcome!
Turkish Student Association:Our Association includes students from different nationalities who enjoy Turkish Culture and are willing share the joy with others in diverse activities at Purdue. Be part of it and get a better taste of Turkish food, music, art, thought, and more!
Union Rack and Roll:The Union Rack and Roll is the Bowling and Billiard facility in the Purdue Memorial Union.
UN Association of the USA Purdue Chapter:The purpose of UNA-USA Purdue Chapter is to raise awareness and contribute towards the UN Sustainable Development Goals (i.e. no poverty, zero hunger etc.) and advocate for UNA-USA initiatives and policies among Purdue students and residents of Indiana.
WCCR Purdue Student Radio:Purdue's largest student run radio station. Broadcasting live 24/7 from the Cary Quad NW Basement. Planning and DJing events all over campus like Rock the Quad and BGR. Booking for WCCR Mobile DJ unit can be done by contacting to wccrpurdue@gmail.com
